Update README with addt resources, build instructions to separate file (#1697)
timescale/timescaledb: README.md

hosted version of TimescaleDB, available in the cloud of your choice
(pay-as-you-go, with free trial credits to start).  To determine which option
is best for you, see [Timescale
Products](https://tsdb.co/GitHubTimescaleProducts) for more information about
our Apache-2 version, TimescaleDB Community (self-hosted) and Timescale Cloud
(hosted), including: feature comparisons, FAQ, documentation, and support.

Below is an introduction to TimescaleDB. For more information, please check out 
these other resources:
- [Developer Documentation](https://tsdb.co/GitHubTimescaleDocs)
- [Slack Channel](https://slack-login.timescale.com)
- [Timescale Release Notes & Future Plans](https://tsdb.co/GitHubTimescaleReleaseNotes)

For reference and clarity, all code files in this repository reference
licensing in their header (either Apache License, Version 2.0 or [Timescale
License
(TSL)](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/blob/master/tsl/LICENSE-TIMESCALE)). Apache-2
licensed binaries can be built by passing `-DAPACHE_ONLY=1` to `bootstrap`.

[Contributors welcome.](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> (Before building from source, see instructions [here](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/blob/master/docs/BuildSource.md).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(To build TimescaleDB from source, see instructions in [_Building from source_](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/blob/master/docs/BuildSource.md).)
```
